Grok Release Notes
Aug 15, 2026
Bug fixes & improvements

A fresh round of fixes and polish across Grok this week.

Chat
Your chat history now stays in sync across browser tabs.
Select text in your memory summary to correct or remove what Grok remembers.
Stop background tasks straight from the tray.
Fixed conversation titles not refreshing when you reopen a chat, the Think Harder pill leaking into other conversations, overlapping slides in image carousels, and code blocks splitting into two cards.
Imagine
Remove Background action on the post page extracts the subject from an image.
Drag to reorder a reference's cells.
Generations from uploaded photos now explain when moderation blocks them.
Redesigned the saved-page toolbar and added a 5:2 Banner aspect ratio.
Projects
Voice mode now works in project conversations.
Project icons show in the sidebar, with pagination for long lists.
Fixed files uploaded during project creation landing outside the new project, and the share dialog now says that sharing a project includes its conversations.
Automations
Subscription triggers can filter by product and customer.
Schedule times show their timezone when it differs from yours.
Fixed trigger pickers in the mobile drawer.
Teams
Invite teammates by searching your organization's directory, and copy an invite link for pending invitations.
Admins can remove members directly from the users table.
Aug 08, 2026
Bug fixes & improvements

Another round of fixes and polish across Grok this week.

Chat
Fixed scrambled message order in history search previews and composer layout shifts on paste.
Chats that fail to load show a retry card instead of "Chat not found".
After a voice conversation, follow-up messages thread under the right response.
Imagine
Tags are back: organize saved assets with per-asset collections.
Aspect-ratio menus show a preview of each option.
Fixed share links 404ing for teammates, lightbox arrows landing on unfinished generations, and "Generate More" ignoring a changed image count.
Projects
Pin conversations inside a project, and drag files in the tree with long-press on touch devices.
Moving a chat into a project brings its workspace files along.
Automation runs and project chats stay out of the main History list.
Voice
Replaced the voice tiles with a Voice Library list.
Billing & plans
Upgrade from SuperGrok to Grok Business right from grok.com.
Grandfathered subscriptions show your actual price instead of the current catalog price.
Aug 01, 2026
Bug fixes & improvements

More fixes and polish across Grok this week.

Chat
Chat now auto-retries a failed connection and re-attaches in-flight responses when it reopens, so the stuck banner clears on its own.
Cmd+/ opens the model picker and Cmd+I focuses the composer, matching Grok Desktop.
Improved the queued messages tray, and edit actions stay visible for long queued messages.
Fixed opening chats on older browsers, and attachments that failed when uploads took too long.
Imagine
Attach saved reference images from the reworked toolbox — with rename and delete, hover previews, and full-screen input previews.
Videos you generate at 720p can be upscaled to 1080p from the canvas.
Broken images in the lightbox show a fallback, and switching video quality keeps the play state.
Video generation failures now show the server's actual message instead of silently retrying.
Projects
New project config tab for instructions and automations on the project canvas.
Preview and edit Mermaid diagrams in the file tray.
Deep-link automation runs straight into their project.
Sharing
Continuing a shared conversation now retitles your copy, selects it in the sidebar, and keeps it listed properly.
Billing & plans
Stripe billing amounts display in the currency you're charged in.
Settings
Refreshed the Settings dialog with a grouped sidebar and restyled controls.
Teams
Team invites now show up in the notification bell.
Jul 25, 2026
Bug fixes & improvements

Another week of fixes and polish across Grok.

Chat
Page-load failures now recover automatically instead of showing a blank screen.
Grok's thinking groups repeated tool calls, previews generated images inline, and its timer stops when the answer starts.
Fixed responses appearing in the wrong place when the same chat is open in two tabs.
Checkboxes in answers render as read-only text instead of clickable controls.
Imagine
New audio on/off toggle when generating videos.
Redesigned prompt bar with unified controls, instant mode switching, and dictation.
Redesigned search dialog (Cmd+K).
Gallery posts are real links, so you can open them in a new tab.
Fixed the gallery stalling while loading more, blank grids after refresh, and video redos ignoring your resolution choice.
Fixed the Share button failing on Safari.
Projects
Preview 3D models (STL and OBJ) and KiCad files.
Create a project from multiple local files and folders at once, and get a warning before uploads replace existing files.
Sidebar projects sort by last use, and typing in project instructions no longer jumps to the chat composer.
Billing & plans
Download invoice PDFs for credit top-ups from Billing settings.
Fixed top-up confirmations timing out on devices with skewed clocks, and a usage card that mislabeled plan tiers.
Account
Blocked accounts see a clear error with a support contact at sign-in.
Password reset completes sign-in properly, including MFA.
SSO identities are labeled in the sign-in account picker.
Jul 18, 2026
Bug fixes & improvements

Catching up on a few weeks of fixes and polish across Grok.

Chat
Clearer errors when things go wrong: a warning when your network blocks Grok's live connection, friendlier messages when servers are busy, and the composer stays usable after a failed response.
Chat reconnects more reliably after your connection drops.
Shift+Tab cycles model modes in the composer.
Usage limit cards now show when your limit resets.
Fixed crashes on browsers that block local storage or clipboard access.
Renamed Report Issue to Feedback and restructured the dialog.
Share pages keep attachment chips, and sharing mid-response no longer produces a broken link.
Imagine
New three-way video resolution selector.
Failed video generations no longer leave empty posts behind, and stuck image feeds recover on their own.
Image generation errors show the actual reason instead of a generic toast.
New media type filter on the Saved page, plus a snappier search with a proper loading indicator.
Bulk-deleting conversations now warns that their media is deleted too.
The Precise Edit magic-wand brush paints on the first try.
Projects
CSV and Office files preview correctly, and spreadsheets scroll horizontally.
Project chats stay visible in your history.
Fixed working-folder uploads on web and file-tree flicker.
Automations
Enter inserts a newline in the instructions editor, and double- clicking Save no longer creates duplicates.
Automations warn when a trigger's connector needs to be reconnected.
Shared conversation links show the automation that produced them.
Connectors
Google and Outlook connectors show which account is connected.
The X connector displays your @handle and offers a Relink action when it needs re-authentication.
Billing & plans
Redesigned payment method dialog, including changing your default card.
Fixed a stuck loading state after adding a card, an email field overlapping the payment form, and a Safari keyboard bug in auto top-up.
Voice
Fixed a reconnecting bug in voice on web, and mature voices are now labeled 18+ in settings.
Jul 16, 2026
Automations

Put Grok to work for you automatically. Automations run your instructions on a schedule you set or when matching emails arrive, then deliver the results in the app or straight to your inbox.

Schedules and event triggers — Get a daily briefing, a weekly report, or fire an automation whenever a matching email lands in Gmail or Outlook.
Connectors and skills — Automations can use your connected apps and custom skills, so Grok can read your email, check your calendar, and follow your workflows.
Stay in control — Review past runs, pause and resume anytime, or kick off a run on demand with Run now.

To get started, head to Automations and create your own — or add one from a ready-made template.

Jul 01, 2026
Voice
Dictate to Grok iOS shortcut (iOS app 1.3.97) — launch Grok straight into dictation mode and send your messages by speaking, from the Shortcuts app, Action Button, or Siri.
Jun 27, 2026
Bug fixes & improvements

Another round of fixes and polish across Grok this week.

Imagine
Interrupted video and image generations now resume after a reload.
In-progress generations show up in your History as they run.
The lightbox is now its own URL, so browser back and forward open and close it.
Canvas image downloads keep the correct format instead of saving a preview-less .png.
Fixed overlapping duration and progress badges on History video tiles, and Saved now keeps your scroll position when switching between Compact and Full.
More polish across the canvas, lightbox, and gallery, including a redesigned text node.
Chat
Editing a message now keeps its attachments and quoted context instead of resubmitting text only.
HTML in your messages renders as literal text instead of being parsed.
Code block headers stay pinned while you scroll long snippets.
Smoother image loading.
Removed a stray focus outline on tool-call accordions.
Connectors
The connector tools list no longer clips mid-chip while you pick tools.
The X connector now has its own icon.
Billing & plans
Fixed an auto top-up layout bug in Safari, plus a top-up button that could render behind the dialog.
Adding a card now works for accounts without an email on file.
Refreshed copy and styling on the Usage tab.
Removed the strikethrough pricing on the paywall.
Settings
Redesigned the appearance theme picker with preview tiles.
Jun 20, 2026
Bug fixes & improvements

Another week of fixes and polish across Grok.

Chat
The stop/voice button no longer flickers when you submit.
Toasts are now centered over full-screen modals and on mobile.
More robust multiline detection in the query bar, so inflight suggestions no longer pop in after you've gone multiline.
Skills & connectors
Manage your skills and connectors right from the composer.
The connectors submenu stays open while you pick tools.
Clearer tool-selection state for MCP connectors.
Fixed a page freeze caused by the skills dropdown menus.
The GitHub connector now separates App installation from OAuth.
Files
Uploads now surface a clear error when they fail.
Disabled the PDF annotation editor that could crash on drag-and-drop.
PDF quote and explain actions are hidden when there's no active conversation.
Jun 13, 2026
Bug fixes & improvements

More fixes and polish across Grok this week.

Chat
Fixed a spurious reconnect when opening a chat right after creating it.
General fixes across the connectors page.
Imagine
Reworked the canvas keyboard shortcuts.
Fixed undo collapsing after multi-deleting a large selection.
Long image captions no longer overflow the image modal.
Report Issue is always available on the agent canvas.
Files
The Files page now has per-file download and delete actions, richer file details, and improved UX.
Settings & account
The redesigned Settings dialog is now live for everyone, with alignment and spacing polish.
You can now edit your saved memories from the memory summary in Settings.
Billing & plans
Switch a monthly SuperGrok subscription to annual billing right from the upgrade screen.
Returning from a credit top-up started in Settings now brings you back to the Usage tab.
Voice
Out-of-credit voice calls now show the usage card with an upgrade path instead of a generic error.
Jun 10, 2026
Screen sharing in Grok Voice

You can now share your screen during a Grok Voice conversation on iOS and Android. Grok sees what's on your screen in real time, so you can ask about anything in front of you and get answers without breaking the conversation.

Jun 06, 2026
Bug fixes & improvements

Another week of fixes and polish across Grok.

Chat
New custom video player and audio cards for media in chat.
Embedded images that fail to generate now show an error card instead of an empty placeholder.
Improved keyboard focus states throughout chat.
Smoother sidebar open/close animation, plus fixed tooltip position and avatar alignment in the collapsed sidebar.
Toasts are now anchored to the center of the content area.
Imagine
Typing right after adding a text node now stays in the editor instead of leaking into the chat box.
Fixed pasting an image on an empty agent page.
Submitting with attachments while signed out now shows the sign-in prompt.
GIF downloads use the correct file extension, and the Usage tab no longer renders blank.
Clear notices when your usage pool runs out in Imagine and Voice, plus a credit gauge in agent chat.
Account & misc
Redesigned FAQ page.
After resetting your password you're returned to where you left off without an extra sign-in prompt.
Signing out inside the in-app browser now fully clears your session.
Fixed a black border flash when modals open.
Jun 03, 2026
Grok Build for all SuperGrok users

Grok Build is now available to every SuperGrok user. Use Grok Build and Composer 2.5 inside the TUI, with full mouse interactivity, plugins and skills support, and headless support for bots and orchestrators.

Install on macOS, WSL, and Linux with one command:

curl -fsSL https://x.ai/cli/install.sh | bash


On Windows with PowerShell:

irm https://x.ai/cli/install.ps1 | iex


Read the docs

Grok comes to Apple Vision Pro

The Grok app is now available natively on visionOS. Get the full Grok experience on Apple Vision Pro, right in your environment.

May 30, 2026
Bug fixes

A big week of fixes and polish across Grok.

Chat
Faster page loads with conversation caching.
Fixed new chats sometimes redirecting to a previous conversation, and the sidebar keeping the wrong item highlighted.
Invalid conversation links now show a proper error page instead of crashing.
File attachments are kept when you pick an autocomplete suggestion.
New conversation and overflow buttons stay available while a response streams.
Code blocks in unrecognized languages now render correctly.
Smoother query bar transitions and better alignment of suggestion text.
Line breaks in your query are preserved through dictation.
Imagine
Fixed broken image cards and stale buttons on the Saved page.
Image downloads now use the correct .jpg extension.
Clearer handling when an image edit or image-to-video is moderated, instead of getting stuck loading or retrying endlessly.
Fixed pasting an image into the agent chat query bar.
Skills
Newly created skills reliably appear in your list.
Removed an incorrect "duplicate name" warning when renaming a skill.
Projects
Redesigned the project side panel with compact cards, a smoother collapse animation, and new icons.
Added an "Add to new project" option to move a conversation into a fresh project.
Files & uploads
Better handling of long-running uploads, with upload controls applied to pasted files.
Empty files are rejected up front, and the size limit now reads 100 MB.
Billing & plans
Redesigned rate-limit cards with new icons, copy, and layout.
Various paywall fixes across SuperGrok tiers.
May 27, 2026
Grok in Kilo Code

Grok is now available in Kilo Code, an open-source agentic coding platform.

Read about Grok in Kilo Code

May 23, 2026
Bug fixes

Fixes and polish across Grok this week.

Skills
Newly created skills now appear in your list right away.
Removed an incorrect "duplicate name" warning when renaming a skill.
The skill detail view updates correctly after an inline rename.
Long skill names are truncated cleanly, submenu tooltips no longer hide behind other elements, and scrolling works in the skills dialog.
Connectors
Clicking the "Connected" label on a connector now opens its details.
Disabled connectors show an empty state instead of a loading spinner.
Fixed connector icon sizing.
Imagine
Fixed an error when renaming an untitled canvas.
The agent query bar no longer pastes a stale image alongside your text.
Agent thinking steps now display as separate steps instead of one block.
Chat
Fixed the attach button being unclickable in some cases.
Connecting Google Drive now opens a modal instead of a full-page redirect.
Evened out the icon picker grid and improved focus states for Skills and Connectors.
Polished light mode colors.
Sharing
Several fixes to the share dialog, including organization access and member search.
Sign in
One-time passcodes are no longer case-sensitive.
May 21, 2026
Grok in OpenCode

Grok is now available in OpenCode, an open-source coding agent.

Read about Grok in OpenCode

May 19, 2026
Grok in Hermes and OpenClaw

Grok is now available in Hermes and OpenClaw, bringing xAI's models directly into both platforms.

Read about Grok in Hermes · Read about Grok in OpenClaw

May 18, 2026
Skills

Teach Grok something once and it remembers across every conversation. Skills are persistent expertise — formatting rules, workflow steps, document styles — that Grok applies automatically so you never repeat yourself.

Every account ships with built-in skills from xAI, and you can create your own in seconds. Skills are available now on Grok 4.3 across web, iOS, and Android.

Read the announcement

May 16, 2026
Bug fixes

A round of fixes across chat, skills, and connectors.

Imagine
Portrait images now resize instead of being cropped on desktop.
Fixed dictation in the agent chat panel and broken multi-select movement on the canvas.
Copying a canvas image to your clipboard now works.
Skills
Polish across the Skills page, detail view, query menu, and upload dropzone.
Improved skill pill selection styling.
Skills now work inside Projects.
Hid the skill creator from the attach menu where it didn't belong.
Connectors
Tool icons now match the correct connector in chat.
Improved the tool permission buttons.
Clear error shown when trying to connect a locally hosted MCP server.
Chat
Fixed text lingering in the input after your first message.
Query bar menu separators now span the full width.
Stalled responses now resolve instead of hanging.
Projects & sharing
Added confirmation toasts for project sharing actions.
Fixed a project's persona sticking when starting a new chat.
Settings
The Usage tab now shows a clean empty state instead of an error for SuperGrok Heavy.
Updated payment method setup.
May 14, 2026
Grok Build

Grok Build is now in beta for SuperGrok Heavy users. Use the interactive TUI, run headlessly in scripts, or build apps and orchestrators with the Agent Client Protocol.

Install on macOS, Windows, and Linux with one command:

curl -fsSL https://x.ai/cli/install.sh | bash


Read the announcement

May 09, 2026
Bug fixes

More fixes and refinements this week.

Imagine
Improved video stitching, gallery autoplay, and bottom-bar alignment.
Fixed a memory issue when generating many images in a session.
Smoothed out the Make Video flow.
Skills
The Skills page now adapts to what you have access to.
Skill dialogs now animate cleanly when closing.
Fixed skill name casing and refreshed the skills list so changes show up right away.
Your in-progress skill draft keeps focus while editing.
Chat
Added loading skeletons for tools and a thinking timer while Grok works.
Large file previews now scroll smoothly.
Shift+Enter now works correctly when @-mentioning.
Sharing
Fixed a brief flash of a user ID in the project share dialog.
Improved share dialog search and merged "Copy link" into the Done button.
Replaced the share icon with a clearer link icon.
Voice
Refined rate-limit handling in voice mode.
May 06, 2026
Connectors

Connect the apps you use every day directly into Grok. Connectors let Grok work with your tools end-to-end — read and summarize emails, update slides, organize your calendar, edit spreadsheets, and more — all without constant copy-pasting.

To get started on web, click the + button, select Connectors, and click + Add connector. On iOS and Android, go to Settings → Connectors.

Read the full announcement

May 02, 2026
Bug fixes

Fixes and polish across Grok this week.

Imagine
Fixed canvases getting stuck while loading and layout shifts when opening a canvas from a direct link.
Thumbnails now render reliably in chat, with no more duplicates after a refresh.
Polished video download, mute, and export, including a fix for extending clips at 720p.
You can now make a single image edit without entering a prompt.
My Library templates now load more smoothly as you scroll.
Connectors
Improved authorization for bring-your-own MCP servers, including GitHub App installation.
Connectors left behind by a failed authorization are now cleaned up automatically.
Fixed a layering issue with the Connectors modal and template tooltips.
Chat
Links in your messages now open in a new tab.
Cleaned up the attach menu and fixed tooltips appearing on top of dialogs.
Smoothed out scrollbars and the scroll-to-bottom button animation.
Rate-limit notifications are no longer shown multiple times.
Fixed uploads that could silently fail; uploaded images are now auto-selected.
Voice
Fixed a double chime and the settings panel closing on your first prompt.
Skills
A built-in skill is now only hidden when you have your own skill with the same name.
Fixed display of Chinese characters in skills.
Apr 30, 2026
Imagine Agent Mode

Imagine now has an AI-powered creative canvas. Enter Agent Mode to brainstorm with your agent, generate and edit images, turn them into videos, and stitch videos together to create longer videos — all in one place.

Conversational canvas — Describe what you want in natural language and Grok generates, edits, and iterates on images directly on an interactive canvas.
Image to video — Turn any generated image into a video, extend clips, and stitch multiple videos together.
Projects — Save and revisit past Agent Mode sessions. Pick up where you left off or start fresh with a new canvas.

Try it now

Apr 25, 2026
Bug fixes

Fixes and polish across Grok this week.

Imagine
Added Japanese IME support on Imagine.
Fixed canvas thumbnail generation, including for video nodes.
Fixed a Safari clipboard error in the template modal.
Cleaned up the canvas empty state and chat collapse, and clarified the "Delete All Imagine Posts" action.
Files
Syntax highlighting now works in the file viewer, with a thumbnail fallback for code files.
Contained xlsx preview crashes so a single bad file no longer breaks the panel.
Chat
Fixed the "Current" pill overlapping action icons in the Cmd+K menu.
Improved the fallback for unsupported file types to render text or offer a download.
Voice
Fixed the on-screen keyboard opening when tapping buttons in voice mode.
The voice transcript now auto-scrolls during long responses.
Projects & sharing
"Create new collection" is disabled for read-only team members.
The share dialog is debounced to stop badge flickering.
Billing
Fixed PayPal billing interval logic.
Apr 18, 2026
Bug fixes

More fixes and refinements this week.

Files
You can now paste non-image files (CSV, PDF, and more) into the query bar.
Improved the PDF previewer and added a download button to file previews in the side panel.
Chat
Improved the image edit and generation loading UI.
Citation sources now show proper display names for well-known sites.
The submit button now appears instead of the voice call button when you have attachments.
Imagine
Improved uploaded image handling, drag handles, and feed grid attachments.
Simplified the chat panel header and improved the mature-content gate.
Moderated items without media are now filtered out of lists.
Billing
SuperGrok Lite is now hidden for X users who already have access.
General
Fixed the right-click context menu for selected content.
Apr 17, 2026
Grok 4.3 Beta

Grok 4.3 is a new pre-trained model matching the scale of Grok 4.20 with an improved architecture and a December 2025 knowledge cutoff. Rolling out now to SuperGrok and Premium+ subscribers.

Starting with Grok 4.3, Grok has access to the same kinds of tools, data, and environment that you would want if you were sitting down to do real work.

Create presentations, documents, and spreadsheets

Grok now has access to a computer where it can write code, run it, install what it needs, and produce real files.

What's next

This is the beginning. We are working on giving Grok full access to the internet, your files, your email, your calendar, and any service you can connect to. The goal is simple - if it would be useful for a person to have access to something, Grok should have access to it too.

Apr 11, 2026
Bug fixes

Fixes and polish across Grok this week.

Uploads
Fixed large file and MP4 uploads crashing Chrome, with a clearer client-side size limit.
Restored the bot-challenge check on file upload.
Chat
Typing in the query bar now registers the first keystroke even when it isn't focused.
File previews are routed by resolved type, with an immediate loading spinner and xlsx preview support.
Restored live tool-usage updates in responses.
Preserved the green/blue colors on thumbs up/down hover and polished the settings dialog.
Cookie banner
Fixed the cookie banner's layering and mobile position, and made it clickable when a dialog is open.
Projects
Fixed a double toast on project creation and now show inline name errors.
Skills
Skills empty-state pills now wrap correctly.
Apr 04, 2026
Bug fixes

A round of fixes across chat, projects, and connectors.

Chat
Tables now stay contained within the message bubble.
Whitespace between inline elements in lists is preserved.
Dialogs now animate cleanly when closing.
Fixed the mention menu's connector list getting out of sync.
Imagine
Video extension start time is now clamped to a minimum of two seconds.
Fixed the displayed reference image for image-to-video on the post page.
Fixed disabled states on Imagine action buttons.
Skills
Fixed the Skills page failing to load.
Projects
Projects now show a spinner instead of "0" while source counts load.
Anonymous users no longer trigger a share-links request.
Added touch support for reordering agent customizations on mobile.
Connectors
MCP connectors stay available when their OAuth token expires, with clearer auth errors.
Mar 31, 2026
Video Uploads

You can now upload and share videos directly in your conversations. Attach mp4, webm, or mov files from your device, preview them inline, and let Grok analyze video content alongside your questions.

Mar 28, 2026
Bug fixes

More fixes and refinements this week.

Imagine
Query bar fixes for mobile.
Image redo now starts from the original parent post.
Renamed quality modes to Speed and Quality, and added a view toggle slider.
Moderated or still-loading grid cards no longer respond to clicks.
Chat
Added GIF preview support and decoupled media previews from the side panel.
Connector icons now appear on native tool calls instead of a generic magnifying glass.
Removed the brief "Preparing Grok" flicker on load.
Fixed duplicate icons on rate-limit notifications and a duplicate Google Drive entry in the mention menu.
Hid the dictation hint in incognito mode.
Projects
Projects now load after switching teams, and shared projects appear in the sidebar.
Deleting a conversation now returns you to its project.
Billing
Handled the canceled-subscription state in subscription management.
Fixed the SuperGrok Lite upgrade flow and reordered pricing cards on mobile.
Voice
Fixed a stale audio track carrying over between sessions.
Mar 21, 2026
Bug fixes

Fixes and polish across Grok this week.

Projects
You can now upload to a project directly from Google Drive.
Fixed connecting sources and the OAuth flow from the project sources dialog.
Chat
Image previews now resize to fit the side panel instead of being cropped.
Images are now included when exporting a chat to PDF.
File paths in tool output now use a monospace font for readability.
Added a toast when dictation fails so you know to try again.
Imagine
Logged-out users now see a proper sign-in modal instead of a generic upsell.
Billing
Your SuperGrok subscription now appears immediately after a PayPal checkout.
Connectors
The New Chat button now works on the connectors page.
Unavailable MCP connectors are no longer offered by default.
Mar 17, 2026
New Features
Imagine multiselect action bar — Unsave button and batch operations
Improved Imagine upload as drop zone — full page and button drop zones
Bug Fixes & Improvements
Fixed tables constrained within user message bubbles
Block clicks on moderated and unloaded Imagine grid cards
Disable action buttons when media is loading or moderated
Fixed floating prompt mention thumbnails and numbering
Fixed Imagine query buttons polish
Fixed stale audio track in voice mode
Disable editor while dictating and insert results at cursor
Mar 10, 2026
New Features
Imagine upload panel redesign — new drag-and-drop upload experience
Video preview support in chat
GIF preview support
Sources selector for enterprise users with web search enabled
Replaced view mode dropdown with toggle slider in Imagine
Bug Fixes & Improvements
Fixed settings Safari scrollbars
Fixed XLSX row number column width
Warm up iOS Safari audio session before voice connection
Fixed connector OAuth propagation and reauth errors
Improved prefetcher performance
Mar 03, 2026
New Features
Grok 4.20 fully released
Agent library — browse and select specialized agents
PDF office previews
New XLSX viewer
Dictation — hold-to-dictate behavior with styling updates
PayPal subscription support
Bug Fixes & Improvements
Fixed auto-scroll re-enable race on sub-pixel scroll
Eliminated scroll jitter during message streaming
Fixed duplicate Google Drive entry in enterprise mention menu
Hide dictation hint in incognito mode
Fixed OAuth flow from project sources modal
Fixed notification loading state flicker on polling
Include images in PDF export
Fixed rate limit toast for different user tiers
Fixed settings close button
Include shared projects in sidebar list
Feb 24, 2026
New Features
Imagine extend mode — extend videos with timeline scrubbing and duration controls
Imagine query bar toolbar with configuration controls
Multiagent notetaker bullets in responses
Support for concurrent text-to-video generations in drafts
Option to hide thinking trace in responses
Bug Fixes & Improvements
Fixed image edit sending wrong reference for non-first images
Fixed voice conversation pausing on asset download
Fixed Imagine extend — if already paused, don't skip to end
Collapsed code in inline messages with better spacing
Added tooltips for SVG/Mermaid diagrams
Improved SEO fixes
Feb 17, 2026
New Features
Grok 4.20 Beta
Agent customizations settings — customize agent behavior
Imagine Folders — organize creations into folders
Extend video with banner and toolbar duration controls (max 30s total)
X thread fetch tool renderer
Bug Fixes & Improvements
Fixed export to PDF
Fixed abort button flicker
Fixed multiline rendering in markdown tables
Fixed voice keyboard shortcut
Clear prompt when entering extend mode, restore on exit
Hide resolution and aspect ratio controls in video extend mode
Hide upscale for videos over 12 seconds
Improved voice rating survey design and accessibility
Better query bar button animations and voice mode shortcut
Feb 10, 2026
New Features
Imagine delete all media option
Support mid-conversation voice attachments
Bug Fixes & Improvements
Fixed aspect ratio when image link is broken
Fixed voice mode think timer priority
Fixed message bubble margin bottom
Fixed moderated image size display
Only show Make Video button for PNG/JPEG images
Feb 03, 2026
New Features
Imagine Saved page — renamed from Favorites, with compact view mode and multiselect with tag support
Drag-to-select in multiselect mode on Saved page
Dictation refactor and UI refresh
Redesigned Imagine post controls UI
Image carousel animation
Table v2 with improved rendering
Support attaching assets to voice conversations
Bug Fixes & Improvements
Fixed filmstrip cross-axis overflow and item clipping
Fixed Imagine video flicker on swap to HD
Fixed anonymous video-gen login prompt
Fixed timeline alignment
Fixed Safari Copy Image paste handling in query bar
Fixed issue with tildes in markdown
Better aspect ratio for generated images
Fixed moderated image sizing
Hide open app banner for iOS Safari
Improved Imagine query bar v2 polish
Jan 27, 2026
New Features
Image generation improvements — better component and block image defaults
Code execution tool results rendered in chat
Imagine 720p video in post page
Table improvements with better buttons
SVG viewer for rendered SVG content
Auto-compaction indicator in message loading
Fade-out for idle starry background animation
Bug Fixes & Improvements
Fixed pasting from Grok responses
Fixed double quotes and XML handling in chat
Fixed Imagine small fixes and grid issues
Device location support for localized responses
Centered generated images when only one
Improved Imagine post page content centering
Fixed extend video disable check
Alert when more than 16 collections are selected
Better image gen layout
Fixed stale Grok logo and flickering on load
Code block header select-none for better UX
Jan 20, 2026
New Features
Dictation shortcut for voice-to-text input
Peek preview for adjacent carousel images
Pointer lock in preview mode
Updated image aspect ratios to 3:2 and 2:3
Bug Fixes & Improvements
Hide animating stars background when user has Reduce Motion set
Updated favicons
Lazy loading for Monaco editor (performance improvement)
Fixed Imagine feed 720p limits
Better CJK and markdown support
Improved imagine-gen out of band generation
Widen UI for landscape 720p videos
Jan 13, 2026
New Features
Imagine 720p video resolution option with upsell for non-subscribers
Add templates to query bar typeahead suggestions
Support for video resolution labels and canceling options in Imagine
SVG code preview while streaming
Bug Fixes & Improvements
Fixed premature image gen error during streaming
Fixed dictation feedback and shortcut
Fixed drawer z-index on mobile model select
Fixed user message code blocks
Improved model search to rank exact matches first
Scroll to bottom button now shown whenever not at conversation end
Proper height for inline images
Show server error toast when video/image generation fails
Better media dimension handling
Jan 06, 2026
New Features
Add search to models list and star favorites
Template widget and library improvements
Imagine query bar v2 refinements — spinner on submit, fix edit mode flow
Grok Business annual billing plan support
Imagine moderated content cards with visual indicators
Separated search suggestions for better typeahead
Bug Fixes & Improvements
Fixed span pastes from Discord and Slack
Fixed anon auth for voice mode
Fixed sources selector flicker on team switch
Fixed layout shift on team switch
Fixed follower spinner on prompt completion
Fixed Imagine post not showing in edit mode with query params
Fixed Edit Image from X not going directly to edit mode
Improved close button and overflow in template editor
Clear template selection when clicking new chat
Better anon authentication flow
Dec 30, 2025
New Features
Darkest mode — even darker dark theme
Edit memories — view and modify what Grok remembers about you
X ↔ Grok image edit flow — edit images directly from X posts
Embedded X media in chat responses
Share Imagine creations to X with one click
Add image to sketch feature
Imagine 16:9 aspect ratio options
KaTeX feathering for smoother math rendering
Fallback OpenGraph image for share links
Bug Fixes & Improvements
Fixed memoization issue in chat markdown rendering
Polished empty state for conversation and shared conversation lists
Fixed template select popover positioning
Fixed multiple command menus rendering on projects page
Fixed conversation items alignment
Fixed team insights focus state
Better generated image layout
Improved i18n — fixed concatenations and translation issues
Dec 22, 2025
New Features
Imagine query bar v2 — redesigned input for image and video generation
Memory management UI — view, edit, and delete your memories
Imagine video side-by-side comparison — compare two generated videos
Improved animations for icons
Support for portrait mode in Imagine
Anonymous users can now upload files
List collection documents in the project sidebar
New image generation format support
Bug Fixes & Improvements
Fixed code non-breaking space rendering
Fixed overlapping content and project chip in sidebar
Fixed code block overflow in RAG result markdown
Fixed Imagine page crashes
Improved highlights navigation
Fixed rename button in files explorer
Fixed dialog close button in response dialog
Fixed Imagine grid padding
Inhibit video edit button on long videos
Auto-focus in Imagine query bar
Better large file error tooltip
Dec 16, 2025
New Features
Memory update cards — see what Grok remembers during conversations
X media posts embedded in chat responses
Video editing support — edit videos in Imagine
Shared with me section on the projects page
Followup suggestions with attachment chips
Bug Fixes & Improvements
Fixed duplicated chunk rendering in thought traces
Improved RAG result content and source rendering
Fixed plural forms in translations with count
Fixed web voice ASR not updating
Fixed Chinese parentheses and fullwidth chars in autolinks
Refresh deleted conversations on soft delete
Animated sidebar icons
Global command menu (Cmd+K)
Fixed Escape key when settings panel is open
Added DCM file support
Fixed spreadsheet asset rendering
Better citations ordering — show before other Grok cards
Fixed query bar wrapping in small spaces
Improved Imagine post page scroll and clipping
Dec 09, 2025
New Features
X quotes card in chat responses
Image ordering support for generated images
Show "shared" mark on files
Imagine rabbit hole — explore more related content
Connector setup dialog for projects
Bug Fixes & Improvements
Fixed voice mode going deaf after changing personality
Fixed surveys not showing
Imagine gradient tweaks
Improved side panel animations and collapsible behavior
Interactive checkboxes in chat responses
Dec 02, 2025
New Features
Button to delete all conversations on the history page
Collapsible side-panel sections in projects
Imagine video options in edit prompt input
Accept team invites directly from grok.com
4-column grid for Imagine image generation
Sticky headers in Imagine grids
Floating copy button in chat
Bug Fixes & Improvements
Fixed charts and citations in exported PDFs
Fixed DeepSearch button when returning to chat via navigation
Removed chat page flicker on load
Fixed share link async bug on Safari
Improved highlights dismiss behavior
Close side panel on navigation
Fixed deduplicated cards in Grok card list
Renamed "attachments" to "sources" tab in projects
Recalled last video duration from metadata
Exit voice mode properly when switching to chat
Nov 25, 2025
New Features
Notifications — in-app notification center with periodic fetch, mobile view, and hover states
RAG results now rendered inline inside markdown responses
Delete button for Imagine videos
Bug Fixes & Improvements
Fixed double submission on first Cmd+Enter
Fixed highlights layout jitter and scroll preservation
Hide thinking time when thinking is configured off
Hide heavy thinking timer when interrupted
Better side panel title handling
Fixed mobile chat page sizing
Updated thinking animation
Cleaned up message bubble padding
Nov 18, 2025
New Features
Grok 4.1 released – #1 on LMSYS Arena, vastly improved reasoning, emotional intelligence, and creative writing, 3× fewer hallucinations
Grok 4 Fast – state-of-the-art search and multimodal reasoning
Added cards in chat for stocks, sports, maps, and weather
Show searched images in chat
Improved typeahead latency and added personalization
Added instant Grok answers that appear directly in typeaheads
Imagine video generation with customizable prompts
Shared chats & projects now show view counts
Integrated Thoughts component
Improved query bar styling
File upload limit raised to 100 files
Faster initial page load
Reduce unnecessary calculations to reduce CPU usage
Improved code block styling
Better OpenGraph previews rendering Markdown
Bug Fixes & Improvements
Higher success rate under heavy load
Faster search latency
Fixed conversations list in projects
Sep 05, 2025
New Features
Improved typeaheads
Improved code highlighting, performance, and styles
Generate Imagine videos from chat generated images
Imagine audio mute preference persistence
Faster video loading for generated videos
Textbox option for chat surveys
Ctrl + Shift + M to switch model mode
Bug Fixes
Fix "Export to PDF" black background
Fix web results not showing in voice mode
Fix double Finished Thinking notification
Fix text direction in side panel and typeaheads for RTL languages
Aug 29, 2025
New Features
Imagine
Grok 4 for anonymous users
Improved typeaheads
Cleaned up citation rendering
Better search results
Bug Fixes
General chat stability under bad network conditions
Fixed bugs with creating new chats from shared links

Want to see what Grok can do with the latest features? Start a conversation now!